refactor: add difference to glances and resource (#21)
benphelps/homepage-docs: src/pages/en/widgets/resources.md

The disk path is the path reported by `df` (Mounted On), or the mount point of the disk.

> The cpu and memory resource information are the container's usage while [glances](/en/widgets/glances) displays the host machine's usage.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The cpu and memory resource information are the container's usage while [glances](/en/widgets/glances) displays statistics for the host machine on which it is installed.
```
